British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 6: C2 Review, Capstone and Mastery Assessment.
Lesson 6: C2 Review, Capstone and Mastery Assessment: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a writing task about abstract argument.
Today you will practise language connected to abstract argument.
Target language: register control.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for c2 review, capstone and mastery assessment. You will learn useful language connected to abstract argument and practise register control. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.